hey what's up everybody it's me Chris J
and I know you've never seen my face
before and I've never really done a vlog
like this so we're gonna try and do what
I can to you know keep it real you know
I've never really done this so you guys
gotta have to like be okay with little
mishaps I might put my finger over the
microphone you may not like what you see
if you don't don't click out don't worry
I'm gonna get rid of my face pretty
quickly so actually I just got my
computer and funny thing is I realized
just how big this box really is so I
didn't actually do the unboxing boxing
video I'm going to show you what it came
with uh there is still something that I
can unbox but it's smaller so I can
actually do it on camera this was
actually just so big like I'm a six foot
four person and this thing is about half
my body size it is a really really big
box so I'm going to show you it so this
is the box right here and it's just
gigantic there was no way I would have
been able to unbox this entire thing
with just myself like you can see in
there it's still dark and big and scary
and there's all the packing stuff
there's another box out there but
there's no point in me bringing it into
my room there's some stuff there that
I'm going to unbox for you and there's
the PS there is a sauce that I will show
you after this video is going to be two
parts it's going to be partly I guess
unboxing the other part will be me
showing you my setup so first of all I
did get an Alienware Aurora r4 and it
looks pretty badass I did have to look
at it just to make sure it wasn't broken
or anything so anyways let's get started
here so as you can see you got the
sweet-ass alien logo this is the box
it's very long and I'm going to open it
up and we will see what's inside now
here I didn't actually see what's in
there so that looks like it's going to
be the keyboard I have no idea what this
is what is this uh looks like an HDMI
cable it could be wrong though so here's
the user manuals I don't know what this
is what is this this is a DVD
Microsoft home windows setup so I got
the windows I think this is my warranty
yeah that this is my warranty no need
for you to read that so let's see what
we got up here we got up here ooh this
is a nice Alienware mousepad very sturdy
not like floppy or whatever very nice
I'm probably going to use this very nice
I like this they compliment League is
this to me I would have paid $20 for
that or $19.99 so let's do we got here
we got power cords that's going to be
useful what's this
we got us an alienware mouse I didn't
expect this even has Alienware on it I
thought it was just going to be a very
generic Mouse don't know what this is
but we'll look at that later and let's
see what we got here I've never done an
unboxing video so please just bear with
me I've never had to use a camera and
open a box in my life so maybe if this
gets good reviews I'll do it again later
on oh this is the nice keyboard Wow
a very sleek keyboard oh oh okay I'm
kind of feeling if you can hear that
that is my garage going let step-dad
probably hear so I'm probably gonna show
him this after so that's the alien word
keyboard that this has come with very
nice I'm enjoying this already very nice
very nice and let's see what do we got
here oh yeah you might hear my dog in
the background so we got an alienware
sticker as it looks like and it looks
like we got a second one that's to
Alienware stickers so that was that box
now what was in those two gigantic boxes
well as the first box food the big one
just had a lot of this packing stuff and
then another box in it to make sure that
like the computer doesn't break so the
other box actually carried my computer I
actually have not removed the tape so
you can see it's got the Alienware head
I better not spin the camera that way so
it's got the Alienware head then you've
got the compartments down there sorry if
it's really dark my room is pretty dark
got the fans like that I didn't get the
predator fan sorry about that
and then I got the back of the computer
here very dark for some reason I don't
know why I can't turn it on I'll turn
that on now
see oh there we go now I've got flash so
there you go that's the back of my
computer slots there this is the sides
of it got the neon light thing there
don't have it turned on yet and let's
see we've got the secret slot with all
the USB cords I've no idea what this is
but we'll see what it turns on and then
here you would think that's the power
button but you click it and this
compartment comes down and reveals more
stuff but anyways guys oh that's bright
um I'll turn that off sorry just a sec
off there we go
so anyways guys um if you're wondering
why I'm all sweaty it's because I just
didn't work out on this where is Mike um
and I did not have a shower before I did
this so I'm gonna put this together and
I will get back to you guys after
oh no screw you know what I'll just show
you my setup and you don't need to see
me put together a computer first alright
somebody set up this is where I play all
my games there's my xbox 360 there's my
old computer down there that's on that
fried I don't need that my controller
I got this nice mouse keepo keypad thing
don't ever use it though unless I'm
putting in a code and there is my
microphone that's what I like to use to
record my computer monitor my TV monitor
and my HD PVR now I'd show you my games
but for some reason my mum put my DVDs
in front of all my games so I guess I'm
going to just show you that and then
there's more on this side uh not really
much else I could show you so yeah um I
hope you enjoyed this unboxing video if
you'd like to see more unboxing videos
in the future uh just let me know I
don't I'm actually kinda half expecting
you to give me like a bad review on this
one just because it's not what I'm used
to doing but I tried and if it's not my
thing then I just won't do it again but
thank you guys I hope you enjoyed seeing
my face um but yeah Hey look ac/dc uh
anyways um I will talk to you all later
and I hope you have a great day I will
be starting my commentaries as soon as I
finish up
loading the software under this new
computer anyways guys love you all bye